or at the Queen Mary dark Harbor for
Halloween 2013 this is essentially the
same presentation they gave last year it
really only made one major change in the
devil they have a new maze with the
ringmaster sort of psychedelic killer
clown made
we all know what Halloween really needs
is another killer
look madam Samuels victims drinks from
his clothes which brings us to our next
terrified you want to see what they have
in store for us and I think we have a
clue judging by what's here
so we're now gonna go in and see what
they have in store for us within the
circus come along with us if you hear oh
and it looks clownin and cute but will
it be cute where do we go
Oh
I guess the knife-throwing act didn't
work out so yep she's real and not you
can come stay here and I'll show you
great this is the right way but do we
really want to be here
I think they combined the trapeze with
the saw lady of half
Laure is a little unstable here
so he just emerged from the circus all
things considered not a bad base even
though it has clowns there is some fun
stuff in it you might not expect a very
maze-like feel curtains darkness we
don't know where to go next you're gonna
find yourself bumping into the person in
front of you afraid to proceed because
it's gonna feel as if you're being
really rude pushing against the other
people who can't find their way out
either so not too bad you know we
weren't expecting much and for all isn't
ly surprise
we'll be dead if you bring me better
bacon better be tasty we are home sweet
hell that sure says it all
scary baby masks they're coming at us
from all sides
something nasty happened here they're
waiting for us
welcome to see I'm their company founder
of the Republican Party there's nothing
to be afraid of here I would never lie
on my policies
what were they doing with all these two
do you most important see to my fork
there was a surprise
that was a good one he was well
camouflaged
we walked right by him and he got the
people behind us so we just got out of
the fisherman's village there is always
a good maze in this location because
it's a spooky place with a lot along
corridors very old the best that super
gothic atmosphere you like there are a
number of different environments
sometimes you're inside sometimes you're
outside sometimes you can clearly see
what's going
sometimes it feels like you're in
corridors of a castle or a dungeon
sometimes you're at the wall you just
don't know there's stuff everywhere and
we got really lucky there was a crowd of
really good schemers behind us and
that's what really makes a Hellion want
work